BMW revealed the new 2016 7 Series
flagship Ford showed off the 2016
mustang shelby gt350 ours exhaust modes
and official specs for the new Batmobile
for the upcoming Batman vs Superman dawn
of Justice movie will reveal is the week
in Reverse right here at motor authority
after many leaks BMW finally revealed
the new 6th generation 2016 7 Series
flagship sedan arriving in showrooms
this fall as a 2016 model the new 7
series is packed full of technology like
gesture control interface and carbon
construction and they will be available
as a plug-in hybrid the car makes its
Auto Show debut the September at the
2015 frankfurt auto show America's own
AMS performance has been working on a
twin turbo kit for the first-generation
r8 v10 and until this week it was
keeping it under wraps now with
development and testing done the tuning
company has straps its creation to the
dyno and says it's already delivering
more than 1,300 horsepower to the wheels
a byproduct of all this is basically a
flamethrower now we caught the upcoming
2016 BMW m2 undergoing what must be
final shakedowns on the Nurburgring in
Germany set to be shown in September at
the 2015 frankfurt auto show the new m2
will feature a turbocharged 3 litre
straight-six with about 375 horsepower
can step on the m3 and m4 stow is right
board brought the new 2016 mustang
shelby gt350 r to the Carlyle Ford
Nationals turns out they're actually
four different modes on the gt350 are we
here hosts is something about a normal
mode to not piss off your neighbors at
6am but beyond that it gets all garbled
with the exhaust screaming the rumors
can stop now regarding the Batmobile for
the upcoming Batman vs Superman dawn of
Justice movie because we now know
official specs courtesy of the 2015
licensing expo happening
Las Vegas it's 20 feet long 7,000 pounds
and supposedly able to reach 205 miles
per hour it's basically insane you'll
find stories like these and much more
every week in motorauthority so be sure
to follow us on twitter facebook and
instagram to catch all of our content as
it happens